feat: allow configuration of ACME certificates duration (#8046)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/https/acme.md

!!! warning
    For concurrency reasons, this file cannot be shared across multiple instances of Traefik.

### `renewBeforeExpiry`

> _Optional, Default=720_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Optional, Default=720h_
```

> The number of hours left on a certificate before its expiry to renew it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time remaining before the certificate expiration when Traefik will try to renew it.
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[certificatesResolvers.myresolver.acme]
  # ...

>   renewBeforeExpiry = 720

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  renewBeforeExpiry = "720h"
```

  # ...
```

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
certificatesResolvers:
  myresolver:
    acme:
      # ...

>       renewBeforeExpiry: 720

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      renewBeforeExpiry: "720h"
```

      # ...
```

```bash tab="CLI"
# ...

> --certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.renewBeforeExpiry=720

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.renewBeforeExpiry=720h
```

# ...
```

### `expirationCheckInterval`

> _Optional, Default=24_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Optional, Default=24h_
```

> Frequency in which Traefik will check if a certificate is due for renewal, expressed in hours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Frequency in which Traefik will check if issued certificates are due for renewal, expressed in hours.
```

> Frequency in which Traefik will check if issued certificates are due for renewal, expressed in hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frequency in which Traefik will check if the certificate is due for renewal.
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[certificatesResolvers.myresolver.acme]
  # ...

>   expirationCheckInterval = 24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  expirationCheckInterval = "24h"
```

  # ...
```

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
certificatesResolvers:
  myresolver:
    acme:
      # ...

>       expirationCheckInterval: 24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      expirationCheckInterval: "24h"
```

      # ...
```

```bash tab="CLI"
# ...

> --certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.expirationCheckInterval=24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--certificatesresolvers.myresolver.acme.expirationCheckInterval=24h
```
